Add content for AWSCore AllowAWSMetadataCredentials setting (#2024)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/aws/aws-core/configuring-credentials.md

Please read [Working with AWS credentials](#working-with-aws-credentials) to decide the right method for providing AWS IAM credentials for your O3DE project.

## Running your O3DE project on Amazon EC2

> If you are running your project on Amazon EC2, you have the additional option of using the underlying [instance profile](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html#ec2-instance-profile) to authenticate calls made to AWS. Using the EC2 instance role lets you avoid needing to separately configure AWS credentials on the machine through less secure methods like setting the AWS environment variables through user data at deploy time or manually remoting into the machine to set up a profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running your project on Amazon EC2, you can utilize the [instance profile](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html#ec2-instance-profile) to access AWS credentials to authenticate calls made to AWS. Using the AWS IAM role from the Amazon  EC2 instance profile avoids configuring credentials on the machine through less secure methods like setting the AWS environment variables, supplying in user data at deploy time or remotely accessing the machine to manually set up a profile.
```

> To use EC2 instance role credentials with your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Amazon EC2 instance role credentials with your project:
```

> 1. Create an EC2 [instance profile](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_use_switch-role-ec2_instance-profiles.html) through the Amazon web console or AWS CLI. An instance profile is essentially a container for an IAM role that your EC2 instance can assume to make calls to AWS.

Author: I tested this out, and launching an instance w/o setting an IAM role does not result is a role being created for the instance, it just gets spun up w/o a role
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34254888/195197620-dbc460f6-7dce-4d9d-86f8-4bf7b198f6c8.png)

The doc at your link says that an instance profile will be created to for you if you are creating an _IAM role for an EC2 instance_, which makes sense, since you can't use a role for EC2 w/o one.

I do think it's confusing that you need two things - the instance profile and the EC2 IAM role - and sometimes they both get created at once and sometimes (e.g., AWS CLI set up) you need to make them separately. So I'll add a link to this doc from the "web console" text on this line since it sheds light on what happens during the web console workflow. What do you think?

> 1. Create an EC2 [instance profile](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_use_switch-role-ec2_instance-profiles.html) through the Amazon web console or AWS CLI. An instance profile is essentially a container for an IAM role that your EC2 instance can assume to make calls to AWS.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think I misunderstood what it means. Thanks for verifying it, Allie. I agree that it could be helpful to include this link the doc.

1. Provide the associated IAM role any [permissions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_manage-attach-detach.html) required to access the AWS resources your O3DE project needs.
1. Attach the instance profile to the EC2 instance(s) running your O3DE project. You can attach it to a new instance [at launch time](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/LaunchingAndUsingInstances.html) or you can [attach it to a running instance](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html#attach-iam-role). 

> The AWS Core Gem also requires that the `AllowAWSMetadataCredentials` setting be set to `true` before it will query the [EC2 instance metadata service (IMDS)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-metadata.html) for credentials. This is to avoid uselessly calling this endpoint when running your O3DE project locally or on untrusted client machines. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWS Core Gem also requires that the `AllowAWSMetadataCredentials` setting be set to `true` before it will query the [EC2 instance metadata service (IMDS)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-metadata.html) for credentials. Use this setting is to prevent unwanted calls to the Amazon EC2 IMDS endpoint when running your O3DE project locally or on non Amazon EC2 compute. 
```

Author: will update, but prefer to say:
> **This default setting** is to prevent unwanted...

..."use" makes me think you need to take some action to prevent these calls, which you don't b/c default

Reviewer: Solid point, always good to be clear, feel free to adjust my language, just wanted to avoid "uselessly calling" as it sounded too strong.

> The AWS Core Gem also requires that the `AllowAWSMetadataCredentials` setting be set to `true` before it will query the [EC2 instance metadata service (IMDS)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-metadata.html) for credentials. This default setting is to prevent unwanted calls to the Amazon EC2 IMDS endpoint when running your O3DE project locally or on non-Amazon EC2 compute.

Reviewer 3: Just noticed the earlier debate about whether or not to mention this variable. My preference here is to include it inside a "note" callout. I'm not sure which setting overrides which, but I'm thinking of something like this:

{{< note >}}
If the environment variable `AWS_EC2_METADATA_DISABLED` is set, it will override the `AllowAWSMetadataCredentials` setting. For more information about this environment variable, refer to the [HttpRequestor Gem](/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/network/http-requestor/#turn-off-amazon-ec2-instance-metadata-service-calls).
{{< /note >}}

Note: I'm aware that the HttpRequestor Gem topic in the docs development branch does not have this new information, but I recommend going ahead and using this link. We'll be merging main into development very soon.

1. Provide the associated IAM role with any [permissions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_manage-attach-detach.html) required to access the AWS resources that your O3DE project needs.
1. Attach the instance profile to the Amazon EC2 instance(s) running your O3DE project. You can attach it to a new instance [at launch time](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/LaunchingAndUsingInstances.html) or you can [attach it to a running instance](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html#attach-iam-role). 

The AWS Core Gem also requires that the `AllowAWSMetadataCredentials` setting be set to `true` before it will query the [Amazon EC2 Instance Metadata Service (IMDS)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-metadata.html) for credentials. By default, it is set to `false` to prevent unwanted calls to the Amazon EC2 IMDS endpoint when running your O3DE project locally or on non-Amazon EC2 compute.

{{< note >}}

> If the environment variable `AWS_EC2_METADATA_DISABLED` is set to `true`, this will override the `AllowAWSMetadataCredentials` setting and you will be unable to use credentials from the instance profile. For more information about this environment variable, refer to the [HttpRequestor Gem](https://github.com/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/network/http-requestor/#turn-off-amazon-ec2-instance-metadata-service-calls).

Reviewer 3: Whoops. Wrong URL.
```suggestion
If the environment variable `AWS_EC2_METADATA_DISABLED` is set to `true`, this will override the `AllowAWSMetadataCredentials` setting and you will be unable to use credentials from the instance profile. For more information about this environment variable, refer to the [HttpRequestor Gem](/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/network/http-requestor/#turn-off-amazon-ec2-instance-metadata-service-calls).
```
